On the south is a bridge of stone eight hundred feet in length, of wonderful work; it is supported upon twenty piers of square stone, sixty feet high and thirty broad, joined by arches of about twenty feet diameter. 
Upon this is built a tower, on whose top the heads of such as have been executed for high treason are placed on iron spikes: we counted above thirty.
The walls are pierced with six gates, which, as they were rebuilt, acquired new names.  Two look westward:
Several people believe that there were formerly two gates (besides that to the bridge) towards the Thames.
On the right side of the choir is the marble tomb of Nicholas Bacon, with his wife.  Not far from this is a magnificent monument, ornamented with pyramids of marble and alabaster, with this inscription:
On the left hand is the marble monument of William Herbert, Earl of Pembroke, and his lady: and near it, that of John, Duke of Lancaster, with this inscription:
A little farther, almost at the entrance of the choir, in a certain recess, are two small stone chests, one of which is thus inscribed:
There are many tombs in this church, but without any inscriptions.  It has a very fine organ, which, at evening prayer, accompanied with other instruments, is delightful.
There are many other churches in this city, but none so remarkable for the tombs of persons of distinction.
Near this place are seen an immense number of swans, who wander up and down the river for some miles, in great security; nobody daring to molest, much less kill any of them, under penalty of a considerable fine.
All these books are bound in velvet in different colours, though chiefly red, with clasps of gold and silver; some have pearls and precious stones set in their bindings.
In a garden joining to this palace there is a jet d’eau, with a sun-dial, which while strangers are looking at, a quantity of water, forced by a wheel which the gardener turns at a distance, through a number of little pipes, plentifully sprinkles those that are standing round.
A Hall built by a cobbler and bestowed on the city, where are exposed to sale, three times in a week, corn, wool, cloth, fruits, and the like.
There are fifteen colleges within and without the city, nobly built, with beautiful gardens adjoining.  Of these the three principal are:—
Upon taking the air down the river, the first thing that struck us was the ship of that noble pirate, Sir Francis Drake, in which he is said to have surrounded this globe of earth.  On the left hand lies Ratcliffe, a considerable suburb: on the opposite shore is fixed a long pole with ram’s-horns upon it, the intention of which was vulgarly said to be a reflection upon wilful and contented cuckolds.
The Queen dines and sups alone with very few attendants, and it is very seldom that anybody, foreigner or native, is admitted at that time, and then only at the intercession of somebody in power.
Puckeridge, a village; this was the first place where we observed that the beds at inns were made by the waiters.
Ampthill, a town; here we saw immense numbers of rabbits, which are reckoned as good as hares, and are very well tasted.
In an out-part of the town are the remains of a pretty large fortification, but quite in ruins.  We were entertained at supper with an excellent concert, composed of a variety of instruments.
Returning from hence to Oxford, after dinner we proceeded on our journey, and passed through Ewhelme, a royal palace, in which some alms-people are supported by an allowance from the Crown.
There is besides another pyramid of marble full of concealed pipes, which spurt upon all who come within their reach.
Philip Howard, Earl of Arundel in his mother’s right, and of Surrey by his father, son of the abovementioned Duke of Norfolk, he himself condemned for high treason, and his titles forfeited.
We set out from London in a boat, and fell down the river, leaving Greenwich, which we have spoken of before, on the right hand.
Having thus touched, and now leaving her stirp, I come to her person, and how she came to the crown by the decease of her brother and sister.
